Support for separately managing identity provider secrets (#32)
appuio/component-openshift4-authentication: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/upgrade-v2-to-v3.adoc

// NOTE: this page is a preparation for the next major release by removing deprecated features.
// It shall only be linked in the nav once a major release is pending.

= Upgrade from v2 to v3

This guide describes the steps to perform an upgrade of the component from version 2.x to 3.x.

> Version 3.0 changes how secrets are managed and configured for the LDAP IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 3.0 of the component removes the legacy syntax for configuring the bind password for LDAP identity providers.
```

== Upgrade guide for LDAP provider

> With version 3.x, the parameter `openshift4_authentication.identityProviders.<name_of_the_provider>.ldap.bindPassword` as `string` was marked **deprecated** and has been removed with this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 2.3 of the component, the parameter `openshift4_authentication.identityProviders.<name_of_the_provider>.ldap.bindPassword` as `string` was marked **deprecated** and has been removed with this release.
```

> See xref:references/deprecation-notice.adoc[Deprecated features] how to upgrade.

Author: Note: This page doesn't exist in this PR (see #33)

Reviewer: This page is not required anymore, looking at #33, as you add the deprecation notice for v2.3.0 and not v3.0.0.

Author: Did you see the note at the top of this page? I left it purposefully there as preparation so it doesn't get forgotten on the next major release.
